>> Mike North: We can use an interface
to describe a call signature.
And we're simply using parenthesis
here to this describe a function.
Now, what we're starting to see is
interfaces can describe objects,
interfaces can describe functions.
In a moment, we'll see that
interfaces can describe arrays.
So we're dealing exclusively
with JavaScript values
that extend from
the JavaScript object type.
We've not yet seen, and we won't see,
an interface being able to
handle primitive types, or operators
used with types, like string or number.
There is no way to describe
that with an interface.
So that's one clear
difference we're seeing here.
Type aliases are extremely flexible.
They can handle the primitive stuff.
They can handle most things
that an interface can handle.
Everything that an interface can handle.
But interfaces are limited
to JavaScript object and
sub types which includes arrays and
functions.
Things that have prototypes,
think of it that way.
So here is a function signature.
And here is the equivalent with the type,
right?
The wrapping is a little unfortunate here,
but same idea.
This is one signature and
the only difference I wanna really point
out cuz it's a little subtle,
the return is void here, :void.
And just to make parsing possible,
we use a fat arrow here
to define a function type with a type
alias, this would not be valid.
>> Mike North: One cool
thing about function types,
a little prettier it's
supposed to be right here.
One cool thing about function types is we
get something called contextual inference.
So we've already defined this type.
Contactmessenger1.
That's right up here, right?
>> Mike North: It turns out like
we don't need any additional work.
No additional type information in order to
figure out what the return type should be.
What should these arguments type be.
Or what should the argument times be.
That's all coming along for
free because that information exist here.
You'll see the same benefit come
through with call backs, right?
If you say I accept the call back and it's
value like the signature should be this.
Now, at every invocation site,
every time you pass a call back along,
you can forget the type information.
The type checking still happens
exactly as it would, but
you don't need to be so
explicit along the way.
>> Mike North: Construct signatures
look very similar to call signatures.
All you need is new head of that.
You're used to seeing this in a class,
right?
Classes are something, they're new-able,
we can use the new keyword with them.
So this would be a way of describing
a constructor that instantiates either
things that have an email address or a
phone number, and definitely have a name.